= apoptosis
I got the idea for this gem during JRubyConf during Michael Feathers' talk. He made a point that software is alive and unlike biological systems, doesn't have an automatic way to kill off old 'cells'. This gem is to aid in finding old, potentially crufty areas of your project that may need to be killed off and remade, or at least looked at.

Currently the gem alerts you to any lines that haven't been touched in at least a year. 
  
  gem install apoptosis

Navigate to a project directory which is also a git repository and run
the command:

  apoptosis

This command will create a DeathRow.md file in the directory with a list
of files and lines in your project which have not been touched in a
year.  The idea is that you should re-evaluate and/or refactor them.

== DESCRIPTION:

A little gem for helping you figure out which lines of code may need
killed off and replaced with newer ones.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Scott Werner

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
